Explain how the PKI work.
TODO
● Describe the contents of a certificate
	A certificate is like a digital passport, and contains information like name of the certificate 
	holder, a serial number, expiration dates, the public key and a signature from a CA.

● Explain how a certificate is validated from a technical standpoint, what type of algorithms
are used?
	The certificate is signed by a CA with the CA:s private key. This signature is made with a certain
	algorithm, for example RSA. The same algorithm can be used, with the CA:s public key to validate that
	the signature is in fact signed by the CA.

● How are root certificates delivered to your computer?
	Some are preinstalled on the computer, but some can be downloaded through an internet browser.

● What is a trust chain?
	The root CA is the "anchor" of the trust chain, validating other subordinate CA:s that can validate
	other subordinate CA:s or normal certificates and so on.

Is it safe to store the certificate password in the code? Why/Why not?
	No. The code uses the keystorefile, which means that if someone gets access to the code, they probably
	get access to the keystore. If the certificate password isn't stored in the code however, the intruder
	won't be able to use the code (and the keystore).

Explain the handshake.
	The handshake is used before any data is transmitted, and is used to setup a session between the server
	and client. During the handshake the server and client authenticates each other and agrees on algorithms
	to use.
	Picture: https://www.cs.bham.ac.uk/~mdr/teaching/modules06/netsec/lectures/tls/figs/f14-6_big.gif 
● When is symmetric encryption used?
	In smaller networks and/or where efficiency of data transfer is important. 
	
● When is asymmetric encryption used?
	In bigger networks since less keys has to be generated, and since there is less exchange of keys.
	
Keywords
X.509: 			
	A standard for PKI, that specifies formats for certificates etc
TLS/SSL: 		
	Transport Layer Security & Secure Sockets Layer are cryptographic protocols that provide 
	communications security over a computer network. SSL is the predecessor of TLS
RSA: 
	One of the most widely known cryptosystems.
Private key: 
	Used in assymetric encryption, this is the "secret" key.
Public key: 
	The public key (Hur förklarar man det bättre?)
cipher suite:
	A combination of authentication, encryption, and exchange algorithms used in the SSL/TLS handshake
	when negotiating.
HTTPS:
	HTTP for encrypted data. Uses SSL or TLS 
MD5/SHA:
	Hashfunctions that can be used in PKI. For example when validating that a message hasn't been altered
	from when it was sent to when it is received.
AES:
	Advanced Encryption Standard is a standard for symmetric encryption.